Hey you guys welcome to Section Two in this section we're going to really expand on the knowledge that
we learnt in Section 1 and we're also going to expand the work space.
We've got we're going to go from 8 by eight to 32 by 32.
Now with this extra space we still have to make sure we're constrained and we've got more creative freedom
now.
But the first thing we're going to do is learn about specifications whether they're given to you by
someone you're working with or for all their self-imposed specifications.
It helps hone your work in so you don't flood out and do tons of stuff that isn't on spec very easy
to do especially when you're in that moment of creativity.
Now after we've done that we can really get into the nitty gritty of this section where we're going
to learn how to create in-game buttons icons like special abilities you might have at the bottom of
an RPG or perhaps an avatar in the top corner.
And then finally you're going to be able to produce something like the App Store icon to Torres area
where you've got a low pixel art style icon to advertise your game.